Engine: Simplify ordering of nodes in transaction (#4140)
digital-asset/daml: daml-lf/spec/transaction.rst

``roots`` is constrained as described under `field node_id`_.

> The node of the tree appears in pre-order traversal in ``nodes``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nodes of the tree appear in pre-order traversal in ``nodes``
```
